---
name: Crates.io Weekly Team Meeting
about: Create a new weekly meeting agenda.
title: 'Crates.io Weekly Team Meeting #010'
labels: meeting
---

<!-- Thanks stacksgov - https://github.com/stacksgov/pm/pull/44/files -->

## Meeting Details
<!-- Please be sure to update the date in both the first line and the time zone conversion link below! -->
- **Date/Time:** Friday, November 13, 2020, 2030 UTC
- **Location:** Link will be posted in #crates-io-team channel [on Discord](https://discord.gg/rust-lang) shortly before the call.
- **Recording:** Zoom Meeting
- **Moderator:** TBA

## [Proposed Agenda](https://github.com/rust-lang/crates.io/projects/3) 

* [Issue 2990](https://github.com/rust-lang/crates.io/pull/2990)
* [Issue 2984](https://github.com/rust-lang/crates.io/pull/2984)
* [Issue 2983](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/2983)
* [Issue 2998](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/2998)
* Helpmonks Follow-Up
* [Issue 2059](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/2059)
* [Issue 2190](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/2190)
* [RFC 1824](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/41616)

### Update to the latest semver
  
  * [TODO] jtgeibel will fix the PR and push the update

### SyntaxError: expected expression, got '?'

  * Double ?? mark syntax is not supported in all browser.
  * Past push made configuration more conservative
  * [IDEA] Show a better error message when JS doesn't work.
  * Better to support less browsers if possible.
  * config/target.js shows the list of supported targets
  * Browser supports seems OK but what about CSS?
  * Trying not to do inline scripting if possible...
  * [DONE] Close this issue.

### Add "language-implementations" category and sub-categories
  
  * Wait for other Rust teams to help drive this discussion.
  
### Add Accessibility Category

  * [TODO] Pietro Albini will Check with other people to improve the wording.

### Helpmonks Follow-Up

  * Expired trial.
  * Wait for the foundation to form and help pay for Salesforce.

### Completed Bors to Github Actions

  * Travis is gone.
  * Now using Github Actions

### Remove unused `version_authors.user_id`

  * jtgeibel will test and implement

### Tracking issue for RFC 1824: Proposal for default crate recommendation ranking

  * not had a lot of time to look into it
  * Is there interest in improving this?
  * There is interest but no bandwidth at the moment.
  * [TODO] This is a long-term goal.

### Outcomes

<!-- Rough Notes from Agenda Items -->

* jtgeibel closed Issue #2984
* Pietro Albini will follow-up on Issue #2998
* jtgeibel will follow-up on Issue #2190

### Action Items

<!-- Items here can be carried over from previous weeks, and typically include a 1 or 2 sentence description of the related action and a link to issues or relevant materials. -->

* Maybe open another issue for better error messages and support with no JS support?
* Long-term goal to improve search through RFC 1824

### Open Discussion

<!-- Items here can be carried over from previous weeks, and typically include a link to issues or relevant materials. -->