---
name: Crates.io Weekly Team Meeting
about: Create a new weekly meeting agenda.
title: 'Crates.io Weekly Team Meeting #008'
labels: meeting
---

<!-- Thanks stacksgov - https://github.com/stacksgov/pm/pull/44/files -->

## Meeting Details
<!-- Please be sure to update the date in both the first line and the time zone conversion link below! -->
- **Date/Time:** Friday, October 30, 2020, 2030 UTC
- **Location:** Link will be posted in #crates-io-team channel [on Discord](https://discord.gg/rust-lang) shortly before the call.
- **Recording:** Zoom Meeting
- **Moderator:** TBA

## [Proposed Agenda](https://github.com/rust-lang/crates.io/projects/3) 

* [robots.txt](https://github.com/rust-lang/crates.io/pull/2930)
* [migrating to the new GH endpoint for team membership](https://github.com/rust-lang/crates.io/pull/2810)
* helpmonks evaluation
* [lib.rs search algorithm](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/41616)
* [browser compatibility](https://github.com/rust-lang/crates.io/issues/2984)

### robots.txt
  
  * [TODO] Need to determine the robots.txt change won't affect how Google spiders our site

### migrating to GH endpoint

  * currently in staging but needs to be tested
  * [INVESTIGATE]contributor couldn't add the team to the crate they published 
  * need to test this out
  * check to see if we have a specific crate and team on staging to test
  * jtgeibel will help coordinate testing with the developer that created the PR


### helpmonks evaluation

  * evaluation ends 31/10/2020
  * jtgeibel doesn't see any big issues with it

### lib.rs search algorithm

  * https://lib.rs/about
  * tbieniek suggested they have useful ideas that would be useful to look at porting over
  * pietroalbini mentioned concerns about bandwidth and the ability to leverage lib.rs 
  * [TODO] remaining questions around if and how we should change our search algorithm
  * might be best to leverage the RFC process to approach algorithm changes
  * push discussion to next week

### Browser Compatibility
  
  * complaints about the current support for browser versions as written in our RFC
  * locks suggested we change the browser support string
  * if it's a toolchain issue let's tweak the configuration
  * make the browser string to include support for the last 2 Extended Support Releases (ESR) versions of Firefox
  * [TODO] can we degrade more gracefully?
  * [TODO] android support?

### Outcomes

<!-- Rough Notes from Agenda Items -->

* Call next week is primarily dedicated to discussing the namespace RFC so please read it!
* discuss better fallback for browser support
* PR being generated for a hotfix for the browser support string

### Action Items

<!-- Items here can be carried over from previous weeks, and typically include a 1 or 2 sentence description of the related action and a link to issues or relevant materials. -->

### Open Discussion

<!-- Items here can be carried over from previous weeks, and typically include a link to issues or relevant materials. -->
