---
name: Crates.io Weekly Team Meeting
about: Create a new weekly meeting agenda.
title: 'Crates.io Weekly Team Meeting #004'
labels: meeting
---

<!-- Thanks stacksgov - https://github.com/stacksgov/pm/pull/44/files -->

## Meeting Details
<!-- Please be sure to update the date in both the first line and the time zone conversion link below! -->
- **Date/Time:** Friday, October 2, 2020, 2030 UTC
    - 1430 UTC
- **Location:** Link will be posted in #crates-io-team channel [on Discord](https://discord.gg/rust-lang) shortly before the call.
- **Recording:** Zoom Meeting
- **Moderator:** TBA

## [Proposed Agenda](https://github.com/rust-lang/crates.io/projects/3) 

* Token Discussion

### Token
  
  * Need to document the logic better
  * Generated via a procedure in the DB

### Privacy Policy

  * Implemented and Pushed

### 

### Outcomes

<!-- Rough Notes from Agenda Items -->

* Action Items from Last Week
  * Tokens
    * Add comments to the code about the logic for token generation via triggers in the Database

  * Privacy Policy

* 
  * jtgeibel can test the changes but needs access to sentry
  * Docs for sentry are located here https://forge.rust-lang.org/infra/docs/sentry.html#sentry
  * you can test via `__SENTRY__.hub.captureMessage('test')`

* Backlog
  * [DECISION] jtgiebel will deploy the backlog over the weekend

* Hacktoberfest
  * any issues we want to tag?
  * what about the HN article?
  * should we not participate or delay engagement by a week to tag existing issues?
  * [DECISION] push to next week

* Travis Build Issues
  * Only remaining issue is 2184
  * Remove the status badge from the README.md file?
  * Consider not using Travis?
  * Github Actions seems like a good alternative
  * 5 total jobs available on Travis
  * 180 total jobs available on Github Actions
  * [TODO] Need to adjust Bors to build in Github Actions

* Expanding Support
  * Support triage group?
  * Should it exist and if so be a sub-team?
  * Our policy is not to delete crates
    * But legal obligation compels us in some cases
  * No silver bullet
  * Solicit help and feedback from other teams
  * partition e-mail? FAQ? self-select? auto-reply?
  * we need an e-mail support tool ... helpmonks? github teams? 
  * [TODO] Carol will setup help monks accounts for everyone ... free for open source

* Github Accounts
  * Issue 2736 ... recent issue
  * Issue 1586 ... old PR from sgriff (worth resurrecting, tweaking and then merging)
    * good baseline as a PR to start from
    * rebase then work on concepts we discussed
  * use our internal ID # as an identifier so we don't worry about multiple providers or Github users 
    being removed/deleted
  * [QUESTION] can Github usernames be all numeric or do they need to be namespaced/prefixed?
  * /u from /user
  * examples: 
    * /user/gh/1234/pietroalbin
    * /user/1234/pietroalbini

* os::freebsd-apis category
  * we have one for linux already
  * can someone start looking into this?

* move downloads
  * Prometheus for metrics is not well supported with Heroku dynos being behind the router
  * try to reduce load on the DB
  * suggestion is to stop using Heroku
  * Rust Infrastructure is moving to AWS ECS
  * defer to the next zoom call in one month
  * if we switch providers then what do we do for our DB?
  * [TODO] Discuss further later

### Action Items

<!-- Items here can be carried over from previous weeks, and typically include a 1 or 2 sentence description of the related action and a link to issues or relevant materials. -->



### Open Discussion

<!-- Items here can be carried over from previous weeks, and typically include a link to issues or relevant materials. -->